add DEMISTO_SDK_CONTENT_PATH (#2268)
demisto/demisto-sdk: README.md

---

### Content path

> The **demisto-sdk** is build to work under [content](https://github.com/demisto/content) repo or a fork of it.
> It should be executed in a directory of a subdirectory of **content**. However, it is possible to set the `DEMISTO_SDK_CONTENT_PATH` environment variable to the **content** path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **demisto-sdk** is made to work with Cortex content, structured similar to the [official Cortex content repo](https://github.com/demisto/content).

Demisto-SDK commands work best when called from the content directory or any of its subfolders.
To run Demisto-SDK commands from other folders, you may set the `DEMISTO_SDK_CONTENT_PATH` environment variable.
```
